README.md, before:

# Hidden Markov Models and Sequential Monte Carlo Methods  
## Replication of *Fast Filtering with Large Option Panels*

This repository contains a replication project based on the paper:

**Arnaud Dufays, Kris Jacobs, Yuguo Liu, Jeroen Rombouts (2022)**  
*Fast Filtering with Large Option Panels: Implications for Asset Pricing*  
March 24, 2022

The objective is to replicate and compare several filtering and parameter estimation methods for the state-space model considered in the paper, using S&P 500 data, within the framework of the Hidden Markov Models and Sequential Monte Carlo Methods course of the M2DS program.

---

## Project objectives

The project is structured in successive steps:

1. **Bootstrap Particle Filter**

2. **PMMH (Particle Marginal Metropolis–Hastings)**

3. **Comparison with Orthogonal MCMC**

4. **SMC²**

To simplify the implementation, some parameters may be fixed in intermediate steps in order to reduce the dimensionality of the estimation problem.

---

## Data

- **S&P 500 data**, publicly available and easy to obtain online.
- Data sources and preprocessing steps are documented in the repository.
- Large raw datasets are not committed directly; scripts are provided to download and preprocess the data.

---

## Repository structure

Please refer to V5_Hidden.ipynb for our replication

Commit message:

Revise README for implementation file references
Updated references in the README to reflect changes in implementation files.

README.md, after:

# Hidden Markov Models and Sequential Monte Carlo Methods  
## Replication of *Fast Filtering with Large Option Panels*

This repository contains a replication project based on the paper:

**Arnaud Dufays, Kris Jacobs, Yuguo Liu, Jeroen Rombouts (2022)**  
*Fast Filtering with Large Option Panels: Implications for Asset Pricing*  
March 24, 2022

The objective is to replicate and compare several filtering and parameter estimation methods for the state-space model considered in the paper, using S&P 500 data, within the framework of the Hidden Markov Models and Sequential Monte Carlo Methods course of the M2DS program.

---

## Project objectives

The project is structured in successive steps:

1. **Bootstrap Particle Filter**

2. **PMMH (Particle Marginal Metropolis–Hastings)**

3. **Comparison with Orthogonal MCMC**

To simplify the implementation, some parameters may be fixed in intermediate steps in order to reduce the dimensionality of the estimation problem.

---

## Data

- **S&P 500 data**, publicly available and easy to obtain online.
- Data sources and preprocessing steps are documented in the repository.
- Large raw datasets are not committed directly; scripts are provided to download and preprocess the data.

---

## Repository structure

Please refer to Bootstrap_PMMH.ipynb for our Implementation of Bootstrap Particle Filte and PMMH (Particle Marginal Metropolis–Hastings).
